feat: add dedupe option (#38)
BBVAEngineering/ember-cli-webcomponents-bundler: README.md

The imported files exports the styles in a template literal that can be interpolated in the component's template. The processed styles are transformed with Autoprefixer using the hosting app targets configured in `config/targets.js`.

### `dedupe`

type: `Array`   
default: `[]`

> Module names that should be resolved from the app `node_modules` instead of another packages requiring them. This prevents bundling the same module multiple times.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Module names that should be resolved from the app `node_modules` instead of another packages requiring them. Helps to prevent bundling the same package multiple times if package is imported from dependencies.
```
